docs: Fill future-call scheduling gaps and web-server response headers (#678)
serverpod/serverpod_docs: docs/06-concepts/14-scheduling/02-recurring-task.md

---

> description: Recurring tasks in Serverpod re-run at a fixed interval by scheduling a future call from within itself, cron-style.

Reviewer: nit: plural "tasks" with singular "itself". Suggestion:
```suggestion
description: Recurring tasks in Serverpod re-run at a fixed interval by scheduling the next future call from within the current one, cron-style.
```
